The Time - Current page allows you to enter hours worked for the current pay period.
It also allows you to save your timesheet, submit your timesheet, and preview your timesheet before submitting it.
At the top of the page, you will see the timesheet for the pay period and its status.
The Trash Can icon allows you to delete all hours entered for a row.
The Magnifying Glass icon allows you to view details about the project.
In the timesheet entry field, the PROJECT column lists the name of the project.
If you are working on multiple projects, you can select the relevant project from the dropdown menu.
The TASK column displays the labor task name.
If you are assigned to different tasks, you can choose the appropriate task from the dropdown menu.
The PAY CODE column shows the available pay codes, including RT (regular time) and OT (overtime).
In the input fields for each day, enter the number of hours worked.
Your manager will provide specific details on how to allocate hours across projects.
Full-time employees must log a minimum of 8 hours per day.
For additional hours worked that exceed 8 hours a day, follow your organization's overtime policy.
Part-time employees should adhere to the specific guidelines outlined by their organization's policy.
If you're working on multiple projects, select the appropriate project from the dropdown menu.
The task and pay code will be filled in automatically.
Afterward, you can enter the hours worked for each project.
If you need additional rows to enter more projects, click the Add Row icon at the bottom of the timesheet.
The Comments section allows you to enter any notes or comments for your manager regarding the active timesheet.
Adding comments is optional.
Click the Save button to save your timesheet.
It is important to save your work frequently to avoid losing entered data.
To submit your timesheet for approval, click the Submit button.
Ensure that you follow your organization's guidelines for when to submit your timesheet.
The Preview button lets you preview your active timesheet.
Finally, the My Projects button provides a list of all your active projects.
For more information about managing your projects, refer to the Time - My Projects Page video module.